[Doc] Add container image save/load FAQ for offline environments (#2347)
vllm-project/vllm-ascend: docs/source/faqs.md

docker pull m.daocloud.io/quay.io/ascend/vllm-ascend:$TAG
```

#### Load Docker Images for offline environment
If you want to use container image for offline environments (no internet connection), you need to download container image in a environment with internet access:

**Exporting Docker images:**

```{code-block} bash
   :substitutions:
# Pull the image on a machine with internet access
TAG=|vllm_ascend_version|
docker pull quay.io/ascend/vllm-ascend:$TAG

> # Export the image to a tar file
> docker save quay.io/ascend/vllm-ascend:$TAG -o vllm-ascend-$TAG.tar
> 
> # Optional: Compress to reduce file size
> gzip vllm-ascend-$TAG.tar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Export the image to a tar file and compress to tar.gz
docker save quay.io/ascend/vllm-ascend:$TAG | gzip > vllm-ascend-$TAG.tar.gz
```

As suggested in: https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm-ascend/pull/2347#discussion_r2272199775
